rhetoric
Can't save him
Didn't you say you would solve the address yourself?
And the dragon girl who gets in the way
How did you make yourself so bad?
Something unexpected happened.
Second princess
I need you to do something for me.
After the event
The prince is you
Master has returned to the Invisible Pavilion
Before he left, he gave me three tips.
Said that the location of the three magic tools was recorded on it
Huanggong Bichun Beads
This first magic weapon is actually in the palace
Brother, you are the prince
I know the palace best
Have you heard of it?
Princess protection, many officials are recorded
I only told the people from the Internal Affairs Department
Items to check and sink
Thank you, brother.
Little Junior Sister, why should you be polite between us?
Anyway, it will take dozens of days to investigate Bi Chenzhu
Why don't the little junior sister live in my prince's mansion?
I have everything anyway
Ok big brother
So that's your plan.
Let the little junior sister live in your prince's mansion
Could it be that you want to get the moon first?
Nothing
Little Junior Sister just needs a place to deliver
I think about it.
My Prince's Mansion is the most suitable
That's a must, Junior Sister
Prince's Mansion is a secular place
Reiki is thin
Why don't you go back to Tianyi Pavilion with the third senior brother?
There are abundant and rare medicinal materials in it
The most suitable for recuperating the body
Go go
What kind of truth is there in my womb?
You must boldly run to Tianyi Pavilion
Our Tianyi Pavilion also has junior sisters for everything.
I have a junior sister to go with everything
Come back to Tianyi Pavilion with me
We have everything in Tianyi Pavilion.
I have everything
Tianyi Pavilion also has everything.
Junior sister is ready